add changelog entry for config revert (#90)
nginx/documentation: content/nginx-one/changelog.md

---
description: ""
docs: DOCS-1394
doctypes:
  - reference
tags:
  - docs
title: Changelog
toc: true

> weight: 99999

Reviewer: @ADubhlaoich I'm not sure what needs to be done here.

Reviewer 2: this seems to be an automatic correction from a linter. mine removes empty spaces at the end of lines on every document I open

Author: Yes, this is eslint cleaning up the document formatting. None of these changes will change the formatted output of the markdown, just internal formatting.

Stay up-to-date with what's new and improved in the F5 NGINX One Console.

## January 20, 2025

### Revert a configuration

> From the NGINX One Console you can now:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using the NGINX One Console you can now:
```

> ### Config Revert
> 
> From the NGINX One Console you can now:
> 
> - See a history of changes to the configuration on an instance or config sync group, as well as the content of the previous 5 configs published to that object
> - See a diff of previous config content to the current or previous config to easily see what changed between versions
> - Easily revert to those old config versions to quickly undo recent changes to an object's config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Revert a configuration

From the NGINX One Console you can now:

- See a history of changes to the configuration on an instance or a Config Sync Group, as well as the content of the previous five configs published to that object
- Review the differences between the current and other saved configurations
- Revert to older configurations as needed
```

### Breaking change

- API responses now use "object_id" instead of "uuid". For example, **key_1mp6W5pqRxSZJugJN-yA8g**. We've introduced specific prefixes for different types of objects:
  - Use **key\_** for data-plane keys.
  - Use **inst\_** for NGINX instances.

>   - Use **nc\_** for NGINX configurations.

Reviewer: @shaynesf5 Did you make this change on purpose?

Author: This was automatically applied by eslint, but shouldn't have any functional difference so I didn't bother reverting it. These underscores _should_ probably be escaped to prevent them from being accidentally parsed as an italics block anyway, but if for some reason we don't want that we can certainly revert it.

Reviewer: Thanks for explaining.
